commit bigsmoothknob (#21265)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/nacly/bigsmoothknob/readme.md

# Big Smooth Knob
8 key macro pad with a gigantic knob. 

* Keyboard Maintainer: [na-cly](https://github.com/na-cly)  
* Hardware Supported: Big Smooth Knob

> Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):
> 
>     ```
>     qmk compile -kb nacly/bigsmoothknob -km default
>     ```
> 
> Flashing example for this keyboard:
>     ```
>     drag the uf2 to the bsk after connecting it in bootloader mode
>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make nacly/bigsmoothknob:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make nacly/bigsmoothknob:default:flash

```
